yes, but where are your nerves?
furniture seller at a shortage
take take surely clear from here and
nervous disorders forbid
categorically
[music]
arrange me import safu I'll you
very grateful to me, please come on
the synod does not need this mimicry
mine owl there and imported here it is
only one of you is the first one
and writes
I don’t really know how to thank you
that as thanks thank you very much and me
excuse me no there was only one
[music]
citizen what is it a bribe to me is it not
my money you can organism just
by chance so now next time call
your money on the floor and not in your pocket
honest employee
Soviet trade and father's phone
Veps served to serve my mistake
top ten but how about type how about a sofa
agreed and sofa
from here I leave good
take a nail
doctor doctor
hello words warm you me safu
import do not arrange
I won't be in debt
[music]
white